Update Istio status for Istio 1.22 and GW v1.1 (#3025)
kubernetes-sigs/gateway-api: conformance/reports/v1.1.0/istio-istio/README.md

# Istio

## Table of Contents

|API channel|Implementation version|Mode|Report|
|-----------|----------------------|----|------|
|x|[1.22](https://github.com/istio/istio/releases/tag/1.22.0)|x|[link](./1.22-report.yaml)|

## Reproduce

> Istio conformance tests can be reproduce by running `prow/integ-suite-kind.sh test.integration.pilot.kube` from within the Istio repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Istio conformance tests can be reproduced by running `prow/integ-suite-kind.sh test.integration.pilot.kube` from within the [Istio repo](https://github.com/istio/istio).
```
